Connectorhub docs (#14)
connctd/docs: docs/content/glossary/connector.md

---
title: Connectors
order: 1
---

### Connector Publication

Describes a technology and configuration parameters that are required to install and instantiate connectors. Publications can only be created with developer access tokens. Connector publication can be created via our API or in the [Developer Center](https://devcenter.connctd.io/). Multiple apps can install a published connector.

### Connector Installation

> Can be used to configure a technology. A connector installation needs to be installed by using a service access token which means it is bound to a service / app. A connector installation always belongs to a connector publication. It acts as a container for multiple connector instances. One app can't have multiple installations for one specific publication. Connectors can be installed via our API or in the [Developer Center](https://devcenter.connctd.io/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Are used to configure a technology. A connector installation is always based on a referenced connector publication and can only be installed once for a specific app. It acts as a container for multiple connector instances. Connector installations are managed via the [Developer Center](https://devcenter.connctd.io/).
```
